we start in southern Gaza where Israeli
forces have bombed tents housing
displaced Palestinians well these are
the scenes at ala Hospital in Rafa where
medical staff are treating the wounded
some on the floor most of the injured
are children more than half the
population has been displaced in
southern Gaza following the forced
evacuation orders and Relentless Israeli
bombing in the Northern and Central
parts of the strip well for more on this
honey mmud is in Rafa in southern Gaza
for us and honey can you just tell us
about the latest attack on the tth city
we understand that a kindergarten might
have been
hit yes well very Sleepless and restless
night for the 1.9 dis million displaced
Palestinians in Raa city as the Israeli
military intensifi bombing campaigns
across the city they included
residential buildings as well as public
facility and including the 10 City
that's the eastern part of RA City where
due to the intensity of the bombings of
those residential buildings the flying
debris and shrap Nails targeted and
destroyed uh as it fell on these tents
where people have been Sheltering since
the beginning uh of the war but the the
heartbreaking part of this is that those
shrap flew in a very fast speed hit a a
preschool facility where people been
Sheltering since the beginning of the
war and killed two little daughters
two little girls inside the the facility
that we rushed to a Nar Hospital there
were many people who were critically
injured and those who were also reported
killed in those massive attacks we're
talking about early hours of yesterday's
evening all the way to just within the
past couple hours early hours of this
morning 12 hours of ongoing Relentless
massive air strikes and artillery Shing
at the eastern part of rafah city it's
important to point out that this is an
indication that the talks that were made
two days ago about expansion the
military operation in RAF is a fact is a
now effective it's taking a place as we
see this increase in the intensity and
the uh the the scale of the the bombing
of Rafa City it's just increasing the
level of fear and panic among people
here particularly those who have been
displaced more than one time as they
don't have any other choice uh to go to
or safety place to seek shelter of seek
refuge and and honey as uh the Israeli
military uh slowly withdraw from the
north we're getting a bit idea of the
damage that has been left behind can you
just give us a bit of an update on that
and if any Aid is getting back into the
northern part of the
strip yes well as the uh the Israeli
military is conducting these Tactical
withdrawals from parts of the northern
uh side of the Gaza Strip and people
have been expecting the the sheer level
of Destruction cost to not only the
residential buildings but also to public
facilities and the infrastructure and
just turning entire areas into pile of
ruins creating very difficult conditions
on the ground restricting mobility and
movement not only for people just to
walk little alone those who are driving
either trucks or or cars in terms of
delivering food Aid or humanitarian Aid
to the part of the Gaza STP it's been
very very limited as the mechanism of of
Aid delivery is is largely broken given
the conditions on the ground and because
of the the the the checkpoints have been
set up on the roads either salahadin
Road or the other parts of the northern
side of the G strip just making it very
difficult for the delivery of it in fact
people right now are experiencing a
great deal of famine in terms of
shortage and the Food Supplies the Water
Supplies most the water supply they
drinking is contaminated but on top of
that the lack of of medical supplies and
survival items just make Li living
conditions very difficult all feeding
into one strategy making Gaza and the
northern part very unlivable for people
thanks so much honey as always we really
do appreciate it honey mmud for us and
raer and Southern Gaza